1. create new group
click New Group button,
a: show a text box in the first(or last?) groups item,  
 if, text box is change, create new, post to server
 else, blur and not change, hide the text box ,cancel 
b: popup a window to input the group name, click ok to save, other cancel.

2. edit an exist group name
when the mouse over one group,
show the edit button,
click the edit button,
show the text box to edit group name,
if blur ,hide text box, cancel,
if change, save the group,put to server, hide text box.

3. delete a group
when mouse is over group, show the delete button,
click and delete, don't need popup window to confirm.
note:if the group include note, don't show the delete button.

4.opened list
there is a tabs bar on the note text box, like chrome browser tab.
it is used to show the notes which are used frequently.

open:
when user click the note in the notes list,
if it is not exist in the opened list, add it and active it.
if it is exist in the opened list, active it.

new:
click the [New note] button in the toolbar, post to server to create a new note record and get the note id. then add a new tab in the opened list.
question: may be the solution will waste the note id resource ?

close:
when the mouse over an note tab, show the close button in tab, click the close button, save the note and remove the note from the opened list. 

move:
the user can drag-drop the tab to change the note's order in the list.

and more detail, please following the chrome's tabs bar. 
e.g. if too much opened notes in the bar ?

5.auto save
if the note content in the text box is changed by user,it should be saved, 
but to increase the client-server connect times, we should have a time span.

save into local cache at first?
when user close the browser and reopen,the content is still here.

enhancement ...

6.note delete
delete from normal, move the note to the trash
delete from trash, delete from the database.
restore,
multi delete?
multi restore? 


7.html editor
find a html editor base on jQuery,
it should be very simple, not include a lot of buttons we don't need.

8. about width
there are three columns in the workplace,

column 1 : note groups
column 2 : note list
column 3 : the current active note 

click Toggle button:
show/hide col1 and col2

drag-drop col space:
c1 and c2, set the c1's width, c2 is fixed, c3 will be changed.
c2 and c3, set the c2's width, c1 is fixed, c3 will be changed.

when the width is change, save the data to the local.

9.about height
the height is 100%, no more, no less.
when the browser's height is change, keep 100%.

so, the browser's scroll bar is not necessarily.

but the columns area(groups,notes,note) should have its own scroll bar.

the scroll bar style should be more suitable. 



